Note: No use of Internet during judging. No QR codes, links
etc. Embed everything on a battery powered device you
intend to show the judges, if it is not on your display board.

SAMPLES of each type of display item with
applicable display rules click HERE and

also, please consult the table below

ACSEF 2025-26 Display Guidelines Generative AI Use Table (ISEF)

ACSEF 2026 will be an in-person event in which participants will set up display items Friday March 13,2026,
participate in judging on Saturday March 14th and attend the award ceremony the following Saturday March 21st
at Chabot College, Hayward. However, ALL participants (individual or team) are still required to complete a virtual
display to support the judging process and to share their projects with the general public. Participants are also
required to provide a physical display board , and copies of the project abstract for the judging in person. All
displays, virtual and in-person, will undergo Display & Safety (D&S) inspections. The International Rules &
Guidelines remain the guide of what is eligible and allowable; all written materials are to be provided in English.
We strongly encourage students to use the same core materials in both virtual & physical displays to avoid
duplication of eﬀort and to support the D&S review. Where possible, infractions identiﬁed within the virtual
display should be corrected online and within the physical display board prior to printing or construction of the
ﬁnal physical display.

Virtual Display Items - Required for all projects
I. Paperwork displayed for judges on zFairs.

a. On display for the judges & the public will be:
i. Oﬃcial Abstract (250 words) Required for all projects
ii. Research Plan Required for all projects
iii. Regulated Research Institutional Setting Form 1C (ONLY if your research was done anywhere
other than home, school or ﬁeld)
iv. Continuation Form 7 (ONLY if your project is based on previous year(s) research)
b. Appendix I on page 3 provides an overview of ACSEF paperwork.

II. Project Presentation (also known as the virtual display ) Citation format for Graphics
a. The project presentation is the primary vehicle to present the content of your project and
replaces the project poster for your virtual display. Appendix II provides complete instructions of
the format requirements and recommendations. NO ACTIVE LINKS or QR codes are allowed.
b. There are two suggested templates based on project type:
i. Science Projects
ii. Engineering Projects
c. Project presentations will be required to be submitted by a set deadline (11:59 PM - March 7,
2026) and will then be *locked /frozen for Display & Safety inspection & judges preview prior to
competition.*No further uploads allowed. Do not delete items from zFAirs after the deadline
because they cannot be replaced.

III. A Quad Chart No active links or QR codes are allowed Citation format for Graphics

a. The quad chart summarizes the project in a single graphic/page for a quick overview by the
judges. Uses more graphics taken from the virtual display. Few words in short bullet points.
b. This representation of your project is intended to be only a summary and to be visual in nature.
c. Be concise and avoid lengthy sentences. The details of your project should be put forth in your
project presentation. Each quadrant should contain no more than 75 words.
d. Appendix III provides complete instructions with format requirements and recommendations as
well as sample templates.

Regeneron ISEF & ACSEF 2025

Page 1

IV. Project Video OPTIONAL (2-minute maximum) Cite all graphics - It can be tiny
but must be there. Prepare graphics & add the citation before adding it to video.
a. This video summarizes the project at a high level and will be used primarily for the public display
of projects and should have the public as the core audience.
b. While judges will be given access to all materials submitted, it is advised that the video be a
supplement to the project presentation slides.
c. This video should feature the ﬁnalist(s) prominently on scree and graphics/charts can be added

V. Additional Notes

a. Active links or QR Codes are not permitted anywhere on the virtual display items. Rules
prohibit access of information not stored in your device. All links must be converted to inactive.

b. Do NOT include your research paper as part of your virtual display.Digital Notebook

Digital Notebook: Required in PDF format for all projects. Use any format (Google Doc, sheets,
Notes, etc. to create it. Upload to zfairs ENTRY tab where indicated - BEFORE 11:39 PM March 7)
NOTE: If the content is greater than 20MB, split it into two or more PDF documents before uploadin
The additional PDF's will need to go where photos go. Label the each notebook PDF Title & Project
ID

In-Person Physical Poster Display - Cite all graphics

The two formats Virtual and In-Person are diﬀerent and they do not need to be identical, but
where a Participant can use the same elements in both displays, it is encouraged. The following
information are suggested guidelines for your physical display taken from https://guides.nyu.edu/posters.
Display and Safety

Please review the full text of the Display & Safety rules in the International Rules & Guidelines to ensure
compliance with the display regulations including:

• *New for 2026 Maximum size (height from the ﬂoor 94", width 48", depth 36") including any borders,
support materials, and hardware.*note for banner style: measurements include the stand width and tip of
pole hanging device - ask the vendor for measurements of these piecesPay attention to: Photograph/Image
Display Requirements and Items/materials not allowed on display or at your project booth.
• DO use eﬀective graphics (charts, portions of code, photos, graphs, etc.)
• ALL graphics MUST BE properly cited individually. APA format is required D&S Graphic Credit Guidance
• Important information should be readable from about 10 feet away. The suggested smallest font on your
physical poster is 18 pt.
• Title is short and draws interest.
• Word count of about 300 to 800 words on the entire In-Person display.
• Text is clear and to the point.
• Use more graphics than words. *All graphics must be cited on the display. per the new ISEF citation rules.
• Use of bullets, numbering, ﬂow charts, and headlines make it easy to read.
• Eﬀective use of graphics, color, and fonts.
• NO ABSTRACTS ALLOWED ON THE PHYSICAL POSTER DISPLAY.
• Forms required to be displayed -Abstract Place abstract in a stand alone table-top frame.
• Do Not put the abstract on the In-Person Display board.
• Additional Forms to be displayed for speciﬁc projects: Forms 1C & 7 (place each of these forms in a stand
alone table-top frame)

Regeneron ISEF 2025

Page 2

Appendix I. Submission and Review Process
Paperwork

All Participants must submit paperwork required for their project.
Minimally, EACH middle and high school student PARTICIPANT must have Participation Agreement, Form 1B
(each person) and Research Plan & Form 3 (per project).
To advance to next level fairs: Additional forms required per PROJECT must have Forms: 1, 1A, + any
additional forms required for your type of project (Forms: 1C, 7, 2 qualified scientist, 4, HIC, 5A/5B,
6A/6B ).

Oﬃcial Abstract reviewed/approved by SRC (250-word format) YOU MUST USE link: ACSEF OFFICIAL PDF
FORM Get the ACSEF abstract from the link and open in Adobe to type or copy and paste your abstract

The abstract summarizes the information contained in the rest of this document. An abstract includes: (a)
the research question or engineering problem, (b) procedures used, (c) data, (d) interpretation and (e)
conclusions. It also may include any possible research applications. It should be limited to these essential
elements. Consider using the summary created by the Quad chart to inform this narrative. ACSEF requires
all abstracts to contain analyzed data w/numbers to back up conclusions. All abstracts must use
ACSEF's Form.(see link above)
• Regulated Research Institutional Setting Form 1C (if applicable)
This form is required for work done at a Regulated Research Institution or Industrial Setting
(anywhere other than school, home or in the ﬁeld) and is to be completed after experimentation by the
adult supervising. Form 1C is completed by the Qualified scientist or Direct Supervisor after all data has
been collected by the student researchers.
A Form 1C is also required when support from mentors and lab supervisors in a laboratory setting has
been provided, even when the student received this support remotely. This can also include situations
in which a high school teacher is supporting laboratory activities on behalf of a REMOTE STUDENT to
help clarify the student’s involvement in each step of the project.
• Continuation Form 7 (if applicable)
Any project that is a continuation of a previous year’s work must document that additional
research is new and diﬀerent on Continuation Form 7.

Display & Safety, Citations and Graphic Credits

Display & Safety inspections will include a review of all submitted materials and enforcement of the display
guidelines as published in the International Rules and Guidelines ACSEF enhanced rules
This includes meeting all of the format and size requirements, providing appropriate credits for photographs,
graphs and other visuals and in having any permissions of individuals depicted in any project materials (on the
board, slides or in the video) available.
ALL graphics MUST BE properly cited individually. APA format Use MYBIB

D&S Graphic Credit tutor

If a graphic was obtained via the Internet then a URL must be provided (digital object identiﬁers are
acceptable in place of long URLs).
Citations must be provided alongside each graphic or graphics can be numbered and the citation added to
the Bibliography/Reference. Please refer to the D&S Graphic Credit Guidance for examples of correct citation
Page. 3

Appendix II. Project Presentation /Virtual Display Instructions
You may prepare your Project Presentation using any software tools that you desire, but the ﬁnal
document submitted for display to the SRC/IRB, judges and the public must satisfy the following
requirements.

Format Requirements
1. The Project Presentation must be uploaded to your zFairs dashboard as a PDF under 20MB. A.
Each page will need to be a separate image and you are limited to no more than 12 pages.
2. Tip: Powerpoint, Google Slides or Adobe Acrobat pages can be easily converted to PDF.
3. The pages should be created following the selected templates provided on pg. 7-8. The page
should be created in Landscape mode so that the entire page is visible at the same time.
4. Your pages must be without animation or active hyperlinks.
5. The page background color must be a light color and should not aﬀect readability.
6. Text color must be predominantly dark to support readability.
7. All text should be easily readable when viewing the entire page at once. The smallest allowable
font size of body text is 14 pt. and an 18 pt. font is recommended. Exception: You may use a
smaller font size, down to 10 pt., for ﬁgure captions or photo credits.
8. All Project Presentation elements must conform to all Display & Safety rules as if placed on a
physical poster for display to judges and the public. Passing a Display & Safety inspection will be
required to compete. (Please see the highlights (summary) of Display & Safety Rules on page 5.)
9. Cite all graphics

Format Recommendations:
1. Do not use non-standard fonts or colors to “stand out from the crowd” or to be entertaining.
It is recommended that you use a font such as Arial, Calibri, Helvetica or Century Gothic.
2. Page titles should all be the same size. That size should be larger than headings within each
page. In turn, headings should be larger than body text.
3. Avoid long expository paragraphs. State your points succinctly.
4. Use bullets to set out individual points of interest.
5. Use numbered lists when the ordering of points of interest is important (e.g., instructions to
be followed in order, or items needing a reference anchor for citation elsewhere in your
Presentation).
6. Use flow charts todescribe many steps: Free on Canva
7. All body text should adopt a common font style and size.
8. Similarly, all heading text should adopt a common font style and size.
9. There is no recommendation for the relation between body and heading styles. but d

Regeneron ISEF 2025

Page 4

Display & Safety Rules Highlight for Project Presentation
Materials (Please see Display & Safety rules for full text.) Photograph/Image Display
Requirements
Generative AI Use Table - October 2025 Society For Science (ISEF, Thermo Fisher
Scientific JIC, CSEF

1) Any photograph/visual image/chart/table/student-created logo and/or graph is allowed if:
a) It is not deemed oﬀensive or inappropriate (which includes images/photographs showing
invertebrate or vertebrate animals/humans in surgical, necrotizing or dissection situations) by the
Scientiﬁc Review Committee, the Display & Safety Committee, or Society for Science
b) (Graphics Citation Cheat Sheet) Credit line required for source of origin (“Photograph taken by...”on
the date or “Image taken from. and the date ..” or “Graph/Chart/Table taken from…” and the date).
• All images MUST be properly cited. This includes student-created logos, background graphics,
photographs and/or visual depictions of the ﬁnalist or photographs and/or visual depictions of
others.
• All visual depictions of others require a signed photo/video release form is in a notebook or
logbook at the project booth. These signed release forms must be available upon request during
the set-up and inspection process but may not be displayed.
c) Sample release text: “I consent to the use of visual images (photos, videos, etc.) involving my
participation/my child’s participation in this research.”
2) Participants using any presentation or demonstration outside of a display board must be prepared to
show the entire presentation to the Display & Safety Inspectors before the project is approved. All
aforementioned rules apply to this presentation and the presentation may not be altered in any way
after the ﬁnal Display & Safety inspection. Examples of presentations that require approval include, but
are not limited to PowerPoint, Prezi, Keynote, software program/simulation and other images and/or
graphics displayed on a computer screen or other non-print delivery method.
NOT ALLOWED in any of your Presentation Materials or Discussion with Judges -Result if found/or reported
and veriﬁed will be disqualiﬁcation DQ
1) Any information on the project display or items that are self-promotions or external endorsements are
not allowed in the project booth.
a) The use of commercial logos including known brands, institutional crests or trademarks, ﬂags unless
integral to the project and approved by the SRC via inclusion in the Oﬃcial Abstract and Certiﬁcation.
b) Any reference to an institution or mentor that supported the ﬁnalist’s research except as provided in
an acknowledgement section of the poster and within oﬃcial ISEF paperwork, most notably Form 1C.
c) Any reference to patent status of the project.
d) Any items intended for distribution such as disks, CDs, ﬂash drives, brochures, booklets,
endorsements, giveaway items, business cards, printed materials or food items designed to be
distributed to judges or the public.
2) Any awards or medals may not be present or discussed.
3) Postal addresses, World Wide Web, email and/or social media addresses, QR codes, telephone and/or fax
numbers of a project or ﬁnalist. Note: NO personal information on any display item. Only project Title
and Project ID are allowed. DO NOT INCLUDE: name, school, city, state, country, age and grade.
4) Active Internet or email connections as part of displaying or operating the project at ACSEF.
5) Any changes, modiﬁcations, or additions to projects including any attempt to uncover, replenish or return
removed language or items after the approval by the Display & Safety Committee and the Scientiﬁc
Review Committee has been received is prohibited.

Regeneron ISEF 2025

Page 5

Project Presentation (Virtual Display) Templates & Instructions
Choose one of the following templates to create your presentation. Cite all graphics
You will follow your selected template headings and bullet points when creating your "slides".
Do not include information not speciﬁed in the selcted template.
If you are submitting a continuation project, include only information related to this year’s research unless
otherwise directed in the instructions below.
You should include graphical elements as they would explain or illustrate your work and can be contained within the
overall page limits.
Each of the required sections in each template must start on its own page and be in the order provided
The first slide is your Title and Project ID
The second slide is a Short Introduction.
The remaining slides 3-12 may use 2 or at most 3 to cover content if needed, as long as you cover each required
section and bullet points per each section. (see examples at the link on Pg. 1 top right.)
Each slide thereafter also follows the template. However, if you have a large number of materials or methods,
first we recommend it be shorted into a graphic (flow chart for instance) and you may have more than one slide
for for a section if needed.
. Titles per section are provided as recommended titles, but alternate titles may be used. Each section may
extend beyond one page as long as the total does not exceed 12 maximum pages.
TEMPLATE I: Science Projects Page 7 READ below before starting.
EVERYTHING must be written in your own words. If you use AI for any purpose, it must be reworded using your
own words. Plagarism detecting software will be used on each document including abstracts.
Use selected graphics (graphs, charts, diagrams, photos, etc. to enhance your typed content. Each graphic
including those you create yourself, must be properly cited. (Graphics Citation Cheat Sheet)
You MUST use the item headings supplied i.e. Introduction, Methods, etc.. as your headings for each page. You
may us a Sub-Heading for speciﬁcity. The content for each numbered item must include the information
described for each bullet point provided under the heading.
TEMPLATE II: Engineering Projects Page 8 READ below before starting.
EVERYTHING must be written in your own words. If you use AI for any purpose, it must be reworded in your
words. Plagarism detecting software will be used on each document including abstracts.
Use selected graphics (graphs, charts, diagrams, photos, etc. to enhance your typed content. You MUST use the
numbered item headings. as your headings for each page. You may us a Sub-Heading for speciﬁcity. The content
for each numbered item must include the information described for each bullet point provided under the
heading.
Use selected graphics (graphs, charts, diagrams, photos, etc. to enhance your typed content. You MUST use the
numbered item headings. as your headings for each page. You may us a Sub-Heading for speciﬁcity. The content
for each numbered item must include the information described for each bullet point provided under the
heading.
Regeneron ISEF 2025
Page 6

Project Presentation Template: Science Project

Page 7

1. Project ID and Title (Must be one page only & a meaningful graphic) too or a sub title)
• The following should be included:
o Project ID. This ID has been provided by zFairs registration. *See your "Entry"
page
o Project Title
2. INTRODUCTION (Generally 1 page with few words and a graphic)
-What is your research question?
• Explain what is known or has already been done in your research area. Include a brief review of
relevant literature. If this is a continuation project, a brief summary of your prior research is
appropriate here. Be sure to distinguish your previous work from this year’s project.
• What were you trying to ﬁnd out? Include a description of your purpose, your research question,
and/or your hypothesis.
3. METHODS (Generally more than one page w/few words and more graphics: flow chart )
- Explain your methodology and procedures for carrying out your project in detail.
• What did you do? What data did you collect and how did you collect that data? Discuss your
control group and the variables you tested.
• DO NOT include a list of materials.
4. RESULTS (Generally more than one page with graphs and charts)
- What were the result(s) of your project?
• Include tables and ﬁgures which illustrate your data.
• Include relevant statistical analysis of the data.
5. DISCUSSION (Generally more than one page)
-What is your interpretation of these results?
• What do these results mean? Compare your results with theories, published data, commonly held
beliefs, and expected results.
• Discuss possible errors. Did any questions or problems arise that you were not expecting? How did
the data vary between repeated observations of similar events? How were results aﬀected by
uncontrolled events?
6. CONCLUSIONS (Generally 1 pg. only)
-What conclusions did you reach?
• What do these results mean in the context of the literature review and other work being done in
your research area? How do the results address your research question? Do your results support
your hypothesis?
• What application(s) do you see for your work?
7. REFERENCES/ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS - Use APA format (generally 1 pg. only)
• This section should not exceed one page. Limit your list to the most important references.
• List the references/documentation used which were not of your own creation (i.e., books, journal
articles) MYBIB
• Remember to cite any use of AI for: Idea generation, data analysis etc.
• It is permissible to include a short statement acknowledging support from supervisors, research
groups and others that had a direct role in your project.

Regeneron ISEF 2025

Page 7

Project Presentation Template: Engineering Project

Page 8

1. Project ID and Title (Must be one page only & a meaningful graphic) too or a sub title)
• The following should be included:
o Project ID. This ID has been provided by zFairs registration. *See your "Entry" page
o Project Title
2. INTRODUCTION (Generally 1 page with few words and a graphic)
-What is your engineering problem and goal?
• What problem were you trying to solve? Include a description of your engineering goal.
• Explain what is known or has already been done to solve this problem, including work on which you
may build. You may include a brief review of relevant literature.
• If this is a continuation project, a brief summary of your prior work is appropriate here. Be sure to
distinguish your previous work from this year’s project.
3. METHODS (Generally more than one page w/few words and more graphics: flow chart )
-Explain your methods and procedures for building your design.
• What did you do? How did you design and produce your prototype? If there is a physical prototype, you
may want to include pictures or designs of the prototype.
• If you tested the prototype, what were your testing procedures? What data did you collect and how
did you collect that data?
• DO NOT include a separate list of materials.
4. RESULTS (Generally more than one page with graphs and charts)
-What were the result(s) of your project?
• How did your prototype meet your engineering goal?
• If you tested the prototype, provide a summary of testing data tables and ﬁgures that illustrate your
results.
• Include relevant statistical analysis of the data.
5. DISCUSSION (Generally more than one page)
-What is your interpretation of these results?
• What do these results mean? You may compare your results with theories, published data, commonly
held beliefs, and/or expected results.
• Did any questions or problems arise that you were not expecting? Were these problems caused by
uncontrolled events? How did you address these?
• How is your prototype an improvement or advancement over what is currently available?
6. CONCLUSIONS (Generally 1 pg. only)
- What conclusions did you reach?
• Did your project turn out as you expected?
• What application(s) do you see for your work?
7. REFERENCES /ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS Use APA format (Generally 1 pg. only)
• This section should not exceed one page. Limit your list to the most important references.
• List the references/documentation used which were not of your own creation (i.e., books, journal
articles). MYBIB
• Remember to cite any use of AI for: Idea generation, data analysis etc.
• It is permissible to include a short statement acknowledging support from supervisors, research
groups and others that had a direct role in your project.

Regeneron ISEF 2025

Page 8

Appendix III. Quad Chart Instructions Cite all graphics
A “quad chart” is required for all projects. It is a single page divided into four quadrants providing a high-level summary
of the project.
It is
intended
to be bulleted
information that a judge could review at a quick glance and then proceed to the Project
presentation for more details. Follow the model below that corresponds to the Project Presentation template
you selected. (Science, Engineering or Mathematics or Computer Science

1. The page should be created so that the entire page is visible at the same time. The page should be
created in Landscape mode.
2. The page will have to upload as an image to your zFairs dashboard.
3. The page background color should be a light color and text color predominantly dark to support
readability.
4. The minimum allowable font size is 14 pt. and larger fonts are encouraged for readability. Excep on:
You may use a smaller font size, down to 10 pt., for ﬁgure captions or photo credits.
5. Text should be in list or bulleted form and as brief as possible. This chart is intended as a high-level
summary that can be read at-a-glance.
6. All four quadrants of your Quad Chart should each be the same size with a single border line delimiting
each, as in the examples below.
7. The Title section should be only tall enough to include the required elements which are the same as the
abstract header. The project title should be at the largest header size of the document for easy
identiﬁcation of the project. (See section on Quad Chart Title).
8. The Quad Chart should include all appropriate photo & graphic credits, should not include a
bibliography, references, or acknowledgments and must adhere to all Display & Safety rules.

Approximate examples of the format of a Quad Chart are listed below. Additional examples and a
template will be posted to the ACSEF.org website. and zFairs https://acsef.zfairs.com

Science Project Quad Chart *Remove this heading and insert
your Title on the left
Q1: Scientiﬁc Question
• Bullet 1
• Bullet 2

Image

Q3: Data Analysis & Results
• Bullet 1
Data Chart
• Bullet 2

credit

Q2: Methodology
Image

• Bullet 1
• Bullet 2

credit

Regeneron ISEF 2025

Project ID

credit

Q4: Interpretation & Conclusions
• Bullet 1
• Bullet 2
• Bullet 3
• Bullet 4

Page 9

Engineering Project Quad Chart *Remove this heading and
insert your Title on the left
Q1: Engineering Problem & Objectives
Bullet 1
Image
Bullet 2
Q2. Project Design
Bullet 1
Graphic
Bullet 2

Q3: Data Analysis & Results
Data Chart

Project ID
Bullet 1
Bullet 2

Q4: Interpretation & Conclusions
Bullet 1
Optional Graphic or chart
Bullet 2

Both Science and Engineering Quad Charts follow the following design layout.
Quad Chart Title:
• In the upper right-hand corner, list the Project ID.
• Line one is the title of your project.

Quadrant 1: Research Question/Engineering Objectives
• This should reﬂect material in #2 of the Project Presentation Template.
• Please state the research question or engineering problem being addressed.
• A leading core graphic or visual is encouraged, but not required.

Quadrant 2: Methodology/Project Design
• This should reﬂect material in #3 of the Project Presentation Template.
• Please provide a succinct, bulleted summary of the methodology/project design.

Quadrant 3: Data Analysis & Results
• This should reﬂect material in #4 and #5 of the Project Presentation Template.
• It is advised that this quadrant should primarily be a graphic representation of relevant data and results.
• Text should be kept to a minimum.

Quadrant 4: Interpretation & Conclusions
• This should reﬂect material in #5 and # 6 of the Project Presentation
Template. A very consise graphic or chart may be included.

Regeneron ISEF 2025

Page 10

Appendix IV. Optional Project Video Instructions
(STRICT: maximum duration 2 MINUTE TIME LIMIT) Record a video explaining your project. The target
audience for this video is members of the general public who will view the projects virtually during or after
ACSEF and in the months following until June 1st. While judges will have access to this video, it will not be the
focus of their project review. This video must comply with all Display & Safety Rules, particularly those
involving logos, acknowledgments and properly crediting images/graphs/photos. If you want to use the
video to demonstrate some aspect of your experiment, operation of your device, app or program this is
recommended because judges only have 12-15 minutes to interview you.

What to include in your video: Cite all graphics (add the citation to the graphic before you add it
to the video )
Introduce Yourself: State only your FIRST name for safety and DO NOT SAY YOUR SCHOOL NAME Don't recite
your project title, judges have that already! Consider explaining your project in a single sentence. then provide
the items in #2 below. The video should feature you presenting your project orally as if in front of your
physical project board presenting to a judge or a member of the public. Graphic elements are encouraged.
2. Explain Your Project: Summarize your research into 3 main points: a. What did you do?
b. What did you ﬁnd? c. What conclusions did you make?

To NOTE size requirements etc.:
•
•
•

The video must be named same as your Project title + Project ID. No personal names. or info. are shown
Video if saved on YouTube will need to be public, but it is not required that it be listed.
Videos must be less than 500 MB in size and the URL can be copied and pasted into your ENTRY page on
your dashboard.
If the format is an MP4 ﬁle saved on your computer, you can upload the ﬁle using the ﬁle upload box on
your ENTRY page in your dashboard.
YOU must be prominently displayed in the video (as opposed to having the video be prominently slides).
You can make it interesting by adding ﬂy-in graphics such as a data table you are referring to etc. or even
a video within video if you are demonstrating something. Free Canva & editing software DaVinci Resolve
Be authentic, know your project well and stick to the 3 key points script. It may take many attempts.
You can use any props or visuals you may have that are within the Display & Safety guidelines.
o Tip: The video is a summary statement about your project and the scientiﬁc or engineering design
process you followed; it is not intended as an advertisement or sales pitch.
Do not include anyone in your video other than the student researchers of the project.

•
•
•
•
•

Best Practices for Filming:
These videos will not be edited. To ensure your video is the best representation of your work, please keep these
best practices in mind while ﬁlming:
• Please speak in English or provide English sub-titles.
• Film yourself in a well-lit and non-distracting environment so the viewer’s focus stays on you and your
work.
• For best results, ﬁlm your video horizontally (landscape).
• Keep the camera still and in place during ﬁlming. A phone can be used but it must be very still.
• Speak clearly and loudly enough that the recording is able to pick up every word you say.
• Avoid long pauses.
• Listen & watch your video after recording to ensure your voice is clear and audible, and that the video
has not picked up too much background noise.
• Conﬁrm the size of the video is less than 500 MB

•

Page 11

